# Timetable

## Privacy Policy

This "Timetable"-App is available on Google Play (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.ms.mates)

This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this "Timetable"-App.

If you choose to use this "Timetable"-App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving this "Timetable"-App. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

When you use this "Timetable"-App all your data is saved locally on your device. We do not collect personal information, and may not use your personal information in any way and we do not share any personal information to third parties.

This "Timetable"-App collects usage data and crash information to further improve and maintain the app. The crash-reports, which are generated by Firebase Crashlytics when app crashs, may contain device specific information (such as Android OS version, stacktrace information, visited screens inside this "Timetable"-App, used features, error information, etc). The generated crash-reports are used for debugging purpose and bug-fixing only.

For a better experience, while using this "Timetable"-App, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

This "Timetable"-App use Google drive to backup your database. You are suggested to view Google drive's privacy and terms (https://policies.google.com/privacy).

This "Timetable"-App use Firebase Crashlytics to generate crash-reports when app crashs. You are suggested to view Firebase Crashlytics's privacy and terms (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy).

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by this "Timetable"-App

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics)

**Log Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you use this "Timetable"-App, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing this "Timetable"-App, the time and date of your use of this "Timetable"-App, and other statistics.

**Security**

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This "Timetable"-App may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

This "Timetable"-App does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at qswdev@gmx.de.
